Important notices about BISmark
===============================

This document highlights important information you should know about before
participating in the BISmark study. These notices are works-in-progress. If you
have questions/concerns, contact <bismark-core@projectbismark.net>.

BISmark Participation Agreement
-------------------------------

To participate in the BISmark study, you must agree:

- to provide the BISmark team with contact and Internet service information,
  and notify the team if this information changes (e.g. if you move or change
  your Internet provider or service plan),
- to keep your BISmark router powered and connected to the Internet at all
  times,
- to not attempt to alter or disable the BISmark software or firmware on the
  BISmark router,
- to not damage, discard, sell, or abandon the BISmark router,
- to return your router to the BISmark team if requested, and
- to read and understand the supplemental Privacy and Remote Access statements
  below.


You must agree to the terms of the participation agreement prior to
participating. If you do not agree with the terms of the participation
agreement, please do not use your BISmark router, and contact us at
<bismark-core@projectbismark.net> to make arrangements to return the router to
the BISmark team.

You may terminate your participation in the BISmark study at any time by
notifying the BISmark team and returning your BISmark router to the BISmark
team.

THE BISMARK DEVICE AND ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CREATORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE DEVICE OR
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE DEVICE OR SOFTWARE.

BISmark Privacy Statement
-------------------------

The following paragraph summarizes the full statement at
<http://projectbismark.net/participant/privacy>

BISmark collects measurements of your ISP's network and the performance of your
Internet service based on traffic and requests generated by the BISmark
software (active measurements). **BISmark does not collect information from your
network traffic.** The BISmark team collects information about your location and
your Internet service, as well as your contact information, as part of the
enrollment process. Information about your Internet service, location, and
BISmark performance measurements will be used to present an online report of
your network performance, and to conduct research related to home network and
broadband Internet performance. Your contact information will be retained for
the duration of your participation in the study.

BISmark Remote Access Statement
-------------------------------

To control the measurement experiments run on participants' BISmark devices, as
well as to upgrade and troubleshoot devices when they are installed in
participants' homes, the BISmark routers have remote access capabilities.
Authorized members of the BISmark team have the capability to execute scripts
and obtain shell access on the BISmark router installed in your home. These
capabilities will only be used for controlling measurement scripts and for
performing maintenance on your BISmark router.
